all right we're putting on our meat
belts that's what we call them in the
Wienermobile and this is not a sunroof
but a bun roof and up here instead of a
glove box that's a bun box as well it
doesn't feel like you're in a 27 foot
long hot dog even though you are oh man
here we have our six seater Wienermobile
and we have this Wienermobile logo
embroidered on every seat it's kind of
like an airplane it's really comfortable
and we have our stereo system here so we
play all our different versions of our
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile jingles
and we have a flat screen for different
events and the special feature is on the
floor we have a mustard stain floor and
then two different bun boxes Oh roof
so we can sometimes sit up here for
festivals and parades and then the sky
sky feeling which is really fun of
course we took the Wienermobile
everywhere we go and we're turning a
corner and this little boy is just
walking on the street and he's looking
down at something and he looks up in his
face just like drops his mouth drops in
his eyes go wide and he was just like I
think that's the reaction that we get
all the time yeah we're the North West
team there are six Wienermobile in total
and we're starting out in the Midwest
then we're gonna head out toward the
west coast at the end of the summer you
drove up past us and was honking and we
were waving but then he like put his
hands up and in the sky with like this
huge pack of hot dogs and he just like
cats like pounding these hot dogs in the
air I was really funny so is a mutual
respect yes we're going to post her
South Dakota
one of our off days we're gonna try to
go to
Mount Rushmore Park and you're bringing
the Wienermobile on this lien will fill
you up we take it everywhere we go they
might get more views than Mount Rushmore
and some tablet okay you have a special
app on here so we can take a digital
picture and then in the frame it will
say I saw and Lake Geneva Wisconsin will
see a war with the Wienermobile
tradition in my family and my cell
phones have been like generations of
Oscar Mayer Wienermobile visitors